feat: 25 call out a default action defined on DSL step level in case of an unexpected result (#66)
buerokratt/Ruuter: README.md

gradlew -Pprod -Pwar clean bootWar
```

## Configuration
### Default service

> Default service is a service file that will be executed when request status code is not in http codes allowlist. Default service can be
> defined in application.yml file with name defaultServiceInCaseOfException. Service is a file name in /services folder. Body and query are optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default service is a service file that will be executed when the request status code is not within the allowlist of HTTP response codes.

Default service can be defined in the `application.yml` file by the name of `defaultServiceInCaseOfException`. The service itself is yet another service in `/dsl` folder. Both `body` and `query` parameters are optional and covered here as an example.
```
